A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Turn It Up|Turn it up, I don't know where you're plugging in Listen up, yeah we're all set to begin Turn it up, 'cause we hope you like it lots Would you really love, any second glance? Make and like, cheeky monkey grins And for tonight, I'd love you let you in
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Foghorn|Sick of you, how old do you think you are? Never move, you think everything's too far Telling you you're a fool, but you don't wanna know Thinking through and let me tell you, you're not even close...yeah I tell ya I can't stay you're in the way, so listen when I'm talking It's better than I write, remember every night Say to me you might, be the one What kept you, I'm not bothered anymore Can't place it, get me heading for the door Foot down, you know I like to look outside You found it, you found something that you like...yeah I tell ya I can't stay you're in the, so listen when I'm talking Tell me when I should, i don't drink in your pub What makes you think I work round your ohhhhohhhhhhhh Don't feel bad, don't look back, don't feel bad Don't feel bad and don't look back, I don't feel bad Shame on you, you hate everything thats new Look down your nose at everything I do You catch on years later, you're not even slow Can't stay have a good time, now I've gotta go I can't stay you're in the way, so listen when I'm talking It's better than I write, remember every night Say to me I might, when I'm talking Go look in a book, tell me when I should Makes you think I would when I'm talking It's better than I write, remember every night Say to me I might when I won't!
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Cheeky Monkey|My name is Jason, I'll rock your face in, 'cause I've got relations in my band We like Van Halen and Iron Maiden, I'll do the talking understand? Cheeky monkey! Cheeky monkey! Yeah, you know I right, do you want a fight? Stay up all night, if you've got the time Any time I want to, Any place I'll need to I'll be there, yeah I'll be all right So get out of the kitchen, check out my pigeon Fed-ex the masses, on my way Jump on a rock bus, no one can stop us We're going bonkers today Cheeky monkey! Cheeky monkey! Yeah, you know I right, do you want a fight? Stay up all night, cos we've got the time And any time I want to, Any place I need to I'll need to be there, yeah I'll be all right? We're cheeky monkeys, just like the Bee Gees We put our words down so they rhyme We rock in the summer, sleep in the winter Park where we want to and pay the fine Cheeky monkey! Cheeky monkey! Yeah, you know I right, do you want a fight? Stay up all night, if you've got the time Any time I want to, Any place I'll need to I'll be there, yeah I'll be all right? Cheeky monkey! Cheeky monkey! Cheeky monkey! Cheeky monkey! Cheeky!
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|No.1|I've got to get up ma, and get in my place I've got to work out ma, and sort out my face I've got all 'zines telling me what to eat And I'm tired of being told what to wear on my feet And I don't have the time to get all worked up about the year on the street And it's not my fault, I can find my way, yeah it's not my fault There goes another day, I've been here too long Do I have to change into what it takes, yeah make it No.1 I feel out of flavour, I don't look like a picture You think I'm a loser, but I can see through you You're running around like you're running the country I know that you think that you've got one on me Ear to the ground like a boy about town Can't get nothing to fit me! And it's not my fault, I can find my way, yeah it's not my fault There goes another day, I've been here too long Do I have to change in to what it takes, yeah make it No.1 Got to call for an old friend who used to be real close Said he couldn't go on the American way Sold his house, sold his car Bought a ticket to the West coast Now he gives him 'em a stand-up routine in L.A. yeah but it's not my fault, I can find my way, yeah it's not my fault Got to look out for an old friend who used to be real close Said it couldn't go on the American way Sold his house, sold his car Bought a ticket to the West coast Now he gives 'em a stand-up routine in L.A. Do I have to change in to what it takes, yeah make it No.1
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Bad Idea|Bad idea, bad idea, bad idea! Bad idea, bad idea, bad idea! 99% is great, the other 1% I hate Little things keep bugging at my head Wake up calls Bad idea! Smack and that Bad idea! Fashion cafe Bad idea! Friendly fire, GMTV Darker mornings Bad idea! And pay per view Bad idea! Litter dropping Bad idea! I made a list, I've got the lot, and all the stuff is all I'm taught It's not fair, but I don't care not me Rocky 5 Bad idea! And indie shite Bad idea! KKK Bad idea! Number crunching, bungy jumping Paying taxes Bad idea! And Pavement cracks Bad idea! Car alarms Bad idea! Dinosaurs and protest songs are a bad idea! Give me and B-A-D-I-D-E-AAAAAA Bad idea!
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Sing-A-Long|Everybody in the building has to sing the song All the boys and all the girlfriends sing the sing-a-long I think I'm trouble, there's always a couple Around me wherever I go They're out there to bug me I don't think it's funny Everybody's laughing at me yeah I wanna go out, but there's no one about All my friends want a quiet one at home They're that same age as me And their husbands to be yeah Everybody in the building Everybody in the building has to sing the song All the boys and all the girlfriends sing the sing-a-long I make a move here, and I make a move there I've got millions of things on the go I'll write me the best lines, they're too corny sometimes Everybody's laughing at me Everybody in the building has to sing the song All the boys and all the girlfriends sing the sing-a-long Everybody in the building has to sing the song All the boys and all the girlfriends sing the sing-a-long And now when I find her, there's rings on her finger I'll try every trick in the book And I've got some more pride, I've got time on my side Everybody's gone without me yeah Everybody in the building has to sing the song All the boys and all the girlfriends sing the sing-a-long Everybody in the building has to sing the song All the boys and all the girlfriends sing the sing-a-long
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Winter Of '96|First stepped out of the aeroplane I'd felt like I'd been here before Took a ?? me down Put a smile on my face Felt like I could do more How ace are buildings! How big are the blocks Reminds me of London, stuck in a graveyard Six foot deep, bleaker street, no one lives out People smile, never got the time I look down I can not see the ground A man who reads the news says there's no crime There's no one around There wasn't a sound There's no one to arrest today ?? Fell in love with it, don't want to leave it Don't ever what to go back Skateboards are cheaper, don't want it bigger Whole place stops for the winter of '96 -10, 1pm east village time I laugh at your ?? you bought Snow, snow, so we walk 70 blocks On days like this nothing seems to far Get in shot, I don't ask a lot The weather was frozen, there wasn't a ?? Fell in love with it, don't want to leave it Don't ever what to go back Skateboards are cheaper, don't want it bigger Whole place stops for the winter of '96 Maybe I could be here a long time Much longer than I planned to stay No telling when they'll get the airport open No telling when i'll get way Trying to tell us nothing's wrong Trying to get the fire back on Never lost a day of fun Silence in the heightened mass of ?? How ace are buildings! How big are the blocks Reminds me of London, stuck in a gridlock
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Out Of Tune|You're always fighting everyone You were wroung when you were young You love to think you're on the run I had to laugh at all your jokes Had to tremble 'cos you smoked But you never ever get my vote, yeah! You're the ones to run from, or so they say I remember you back in the day Did my best to keep out of the way You kicked it up in school Singing out of tune While you're fighting everyone I've been hanging in the sun There's a million things I've done You're the one who took the lead Me least likely to succeed Different now don't you agree You're the ones to run from, or so they say I remember you back in the day Did my best to keep out of the way You kicked it up in school Singing out of tune Thought you ruled the world Singing out of tune Everybody, keep out of his way Everybody, keep out of his way Everybody, keep out of his way Everybody, keep out of his way You're the ones to run from, or so they say I remember you back in the day Did my best to keep out of the way You kicked it up in school Singing out of tune Everybody knew Singing out of tune Singing out of tune (a lot!)
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Fistral|I like the summer like you like your wife Live in the "master" for the rest of my life Every year since I was young And always here and always fun Distant places, staying faces All I want, I understand is it's the summer Over and over it's summer again Fills up the sad hole in my head again Several hours and passing faster To lift their head down to the sand Distant places, staying faces All I want, I understand is it's the summer And it's with it's flowers, and big huge skies It gets high for hours, and then it dies Ocean keeps me up all night Sunshine makes my hair turn white You know I hate the winter time All because there's nothing quite like the summer And it's with it's flowers, and breeses off shore It gets high for hours, and then back for more And it's with it's showers, and big big skies It gets high for hours, and then it dies
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|House Under The Ground|And I'd have a house under the ground All my friends would all come round Laugh about the ones that got away I wouldn't know the time of year It's easier to tan down here I find it funny, I laugh at people And don't know why I sometimes giggle, if there's an earthquake Where good people die And I'd have a house under the ground All my friends would all come round Laugh about the ones that got away I wouldn't know the time of year It's easier to tan down here I'll make the big man, I'll do what I can I'll suffer for my sins Speak with a deep voice, listen to metal So that the good guys never win And I'd have a house under the ground All my friends would all come round Laugh about the ones that got away I wouldn't know the time of year It's easier to tan down here Yeah you should see them all When you sit in on Christmas day But at six o' clock, on the sixth of June is OK Got my life under the sun, pay for the things I've done Pay for my mistakes And I'd have a house under the ground All my friends would all come round Laugh about the ones that got away I wouldn't know the time of year It's easier to tan down here House under the ground House under the ground House under the ground And I'd have a house under the ground All my friends would all come round Laugh about the ones that got away I wouldn't know the time of year It's easier to tan down here
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Five In The Morning|Yeah yeah yeah I've seen it all Yeah yeah yeah I've heard it all J.P wants to rock, not at five o'clock hes not There's a medal in the kitchen for catching early worms Yeah yeah yeah you're gonna bet Yeah yeah you're gonna learn Don't bother waking me at 5 in the morning 'Cause I don't want to know Don't bother waking me at 5 in the morning 'Cause I don't want to know Stevie knows that it ain't dead Yeah Farmer uncle still in bed M.A.C. was born to rock, there's not a moment that he's not "A" communication, illin' in my sleep Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I lost count of my sheep Don't bother waking me at 5 in the morning 'Cause I don't want to know Don't bother waking me at 5 in the morning 'Cause I don't want to know Never, never looking back, never falling off the track Never clocking late for work, 'cause rocking pays the bills So I don't need no education I don't need any sleep yeah yeah yeah yeah I never need to set my "series 3" Don't bother waking me at 5 in the morning 'Cause I don't want to know Don't bother waking me at 5 in the morning 'Cause I don't want to know Don't bother waking me at 5 in the morning 'Cause I don't want to know Don't bother waking me at 5 in the morning 'Cause I don't want to know
A|"How Ace Are Buildings?"|Ender|Thanks a bunch for staying with us tonight Over lunch, we'll talk about the lights I need to go now, I need to drive round I need to lie down Thanks i'm stunned it's time to go I promise you're my best friend Then in the end, that wont make it so I need to go now, I need to drive round I need to lie down Probably notice you're probably worth it, just about Probably notice you're probably worth it, just about Thanks thanks a lot, we love you all Thanks, please thank your Mums 'cause you are the best that we've ever known I need to go now, I need to drive round I need to lie down Probably notice you're probably worth it, just about Probably notice you're probably worth it, just about Every time I hear you I feel lonesome on a cloud Every time I see you I feel happy and around I need to lie down I need to go now, I need to lie down My heads in a spin, the state that I'm in I need to go now Probably notice you're probably worth it, just about Probably notice you're probably worth it, just about Probably notice you're probably worth it, just about Probably notice you're probably worth it, just about
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|For Starters|Well we did this once before, and we're giving it some more And it's OK to be as you are you know It's always five on one and you notice when we're done That nobody got hurt, you're the same as what you were you know I've got something for starters, throw it up in the air And I bet you don't care, we're getting louder It sounds ok to me on the desk at ICP Roll the tape 'cos we're rocking album two And our manager don't mind, 'cos we put all that behind We've got another bite and you know the time is right to rock for you I've got something for starters, throw it up in the air And I bet you don't care, we're getting louder Hey, it's another day in "A" I'm proud to be myself 'cause rock me this way I've got plenty more to say, so let me clear my throat Cause I'm not cool Britannia Not getting any younger, they hate me in NME I don't care where you've been I don't care for your scene, you make me feel like an amputee I've got something for starters, throw it up in the air And I bet you don't care, we're getting loud
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Monkey Kong|There's nothing real about your fight There's nothing in the shit you write You've got charisma in your hair The make-up lady put in there.. and it's One, one plus two is three, can't we get along? ((1+2+3+4)x(2+2+3+4)x(2x3)+(2+4) = 666) Bring it on the Monkey Kong, it's just a name they got it wrong Every second every day, every minute that you waste You're not everything you seem Keep on fighting for the right, keep on rocking every night That's exactly what I mean It's all gone wrong, they called it Monkey Kong You're the captain of the team You're the new king of the scene You hire a guy to keep you punk Laugh it up 'cause you don't know you're sunk And Its One, one plus two is three, can't we get along? ((1+2+3+4)x(2+2+3+4)x(2x3)+(2+4) = 666) Bring it on the Monkey Kong, it's just a name they got it wrong Every second every day, every minute that you waste You're not everything you seem Keep on fighting for the right, keep on rocking every night That's exactly what I mean It's all gone wrong, they called it Monkey Kong How high can you try.... How high can you try.... How high can you try.... How high can you try.... How high can you try.... How high can you try.... How high can you try.... How high can you try.... Every second every day, every minute that you waste You're not everything you seem Keep on fighting for the right, keep on rocking every night That's exactly what I mean It don't matter what you say, it won't change it anyway You're not what you want to be Every minute that you waste, when you're taking on the place That's exactly what I mean It's all gone wrong, they called it Monkey Kong
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|A|Hey we're gonna be around Hey we're gonna work it out Hey there's nothing to fight about Today we're gonna be about You hardly know me, you say I'm your best friend Everything's ace, it'll work out in the end Say that you love us, I don't believe that you want me to stay You're hoping that I'll go away I'm gonna be around Hey I'm gonna work it out Hey there's plenty to fight about No way I'm ever going down You hardly know me, you say I'm your best friend Everything's ace, it'll work out in the end Say that you love us, I don't believe that you want me to stay You're hoping that I'll go away You follow me here, follow me there You mess me around like you think that I care You think that I need you, you think that you own me You don't think I see you, you don't think you know me You can tell me all the things you want to say 'Cause I'll get better anyway You follow me here, follow me there You mess me around like you think that I care You follow me here, follow me there You mess me around like you think that I care You follow me here, follow me there You mess me around like you think that I care You think that I need you, you think that you own me You don't think I see you, you don't think you know me You follow me here, follow me there You mess me around like you think that I care Hey
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Old Folks|I don't know I'm born, I'm only young I don't have a choice, you know I'm only young I'm getting older, I'm getting smaller Everybody tells you, "you've got to walk taller" You did a war, and now you're poor And like your friends, you're gonna get it in the end You've heard it all before, you can't go on much more It's not like I think: The old folks are losers, they can't work computers They die in December time Can't put it off, you put it on, don't ever stop, it doesn't last long The younger folks they don't understand Back in the day, you're gonna get it in the end You've heard it all before, you can't go on much more It's not like I think: The old folks are losers, they can't work computers They die in December time Fall down for no reason, the churches are heaving The old folks they live their lives The old folks are losers, they can't work computers The old folks are losers, they can't work computers The old folks are losers, they can't work computers They die in December time Fall down for no reason, the churches are heaving The old folks they live their lives The old folks are losers, they can't work computers They die in December time Fall down for no reason, the churches are heaving The old folks they live their lives [Backing for last 2 verses] Same as everybody It's coming back to haunt me It's on all the time Sitting in the summer The days are getting longer They don't remember why A cost to everybody They're always sad and lonely They live their lives
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Hopper Jonnus Fang|I want to feel important, want to think I'm worth it Still feeling lame in the end Sit in, in the evening talking to my robots Still feel the same in the end Spend a little time, spend a bit more cash, makes you feel aright Want to know the truth, I feel the same as you do Wake up in the morning, be careful what you ask for It's never gonna do in the end The telephone is ringing, let 'em do the talking It's never gonna do in the end I want to have a girlfriend, want a bigger garden Still feeling lame in the end Move to California, sell a million albums Still feel the same in the end Everybody knows, better than you know, it makes 'em feel alright Want to know the truth, feel the same as you do Wake up in the morning, be careful what you ask for It's never gonna do in the end The telephone is ringing, let 'em do the talking It's never gonna do in the end [Answering Machine Message] Wake up in the morning, be careful what you ask for It's never gonna do in the end The telephone is ringing, let 'em do the talking It's never gonna do in the end You wake up in the morning, be careful what you ask for It's never gonna do in the end The telephone is ringing, let 'em do the talking It's never gonna do in the end
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Summer On The Underground|It's summer on the underground So much sweat a man could drown There's a panic on the overland And London Bridge is falling down The temperature is 92 It's baking in the vocal booth All the tourists come in June There's so many you can't move There's people getting rich today There's people that they've got to pay There's lots of places I could go We should be rocking in the studio Don't feel like working today, I feel like getting away Don't feel like driving today, I feel like getting away Dalston is a wicked place At weekends it gets off its face And everybody calls you mate But do they really want to know? The drinks machine is running out And please don't use that ticket touts The ladies have it all on show We should be rocking in the studio Don't feel like working today, I feel like getting away Don't feel like driving today, I feel like getting away On my feet for a week thinking nobody cares And I can't get to sleep thinking nobody shares Are you taking to me? Get out of the way We walk on the left and good manners are free You don't have to pay You know you just can't see, everything in a day, Yeah I'm talking to you! Me? Yeah yeah I know Back Here On The Underground Back Here On The Underground Back Here On The Underground Back Here On The Underground
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Warning|It's a warning, that's as far as we go Warning, that's as far as we go Save it for the Jury, 'cause I don't care anymore You're not even worthy It's a warning, that's as far as we go Warning, that's as far as we go I don't even know you, I don't even want to know 'Cause I think you're mental It's a warning, that's as far as we go Warning, that's as far as we go Warning, that's as far as we go Warning, that's as far as we go.... go....go Thats As Far As We Go
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|If It Ain't Broke, Fix It Anyway|Coming back at you, record number two, what a way to start the day Thinking big enough, with a stronger look Got no back up plan in case we blow it It's all the same old stuff, they think it's good enough "It works" and nobody gets hurt It happens every time, like anybody minds They're telling me, "it's just the way it works" Too much work to do, rocking new improved, keep it in the family It's not over, 'till it's over anyway It ain't broke so fix it anyway Got a second chance and a fresh advance, what a way to start the week Sack the formula, there's no need to bother Got no backup plan, so let's not blow it up It's all the same old stuff, they think it's good enough "It works" and nobody gets hurt It happens every time, like anybody minds They're telling me, "it's just the way it works" It's not over, 'till it's over anyway It's not over, 'till it's over anyway It's not over, 'till it's over anyway It's not over, 'till it's over anyway It ain't broke so fix it anyway Fix it anyway
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|I Love Lake Tahoe|Four long years ago, searching for the snow We found the Tahoe lakes, just about the perfect place 50 Runs at 'Heavenly', and the nights at 'Squaw Valley' Yeah, the trees are pretty wide, "That's where Sonny bono died" All is quiet on New Years day, think I'll try and impress my mates So I jump into the lake, I won't do that again, here we go again.... The south shore has the lot, and last month Dave Lee Roth did a solo spot And some German bloke got shot, every year we say the same "Try somewhere different for a change", but we jump on to the plane Yeah, here we go again
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Don't Be Punks|[Answering Machine Message] Alright There Jason....theres somebody on the telly... on 15 to 1 right now, called Adam Perrys had sex with 3 Thousand People..... The End ITS A Buy a junk?, delay that moon?, you think we feel the need to prove That we play the fucking tunes, while you're the one that's fucking you Now if you'd ever spared a day, at these things that don't fucking go away You can see that our contract says that we get to do this our own way Who can't challenge what you do? Don't be punks! Who can't challenge where to go? Don't be punks! And when will we change our tune? Don't be punks! You can't tell 'em when and much! Don't be punks! At this point you fucking loser, you don't have a fucking opinion
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Down On The Floor|I'm down on the floor, there's a man at the door He won't let me in 'cause he thinks he's the law He'll give me a shout when he's figured it out Gotta pick myself up, what am I waiting for? It's never enough, yeah it's never too late I reminded myself that I'm starting again You're telling me "never", it should be "whenever" And when the world is swinging, I feel like I don't fit in Don't even know the way, don't hear a word they say And all the money making, I just want to have a go, I'm always up on time Why can't I be just like the people that I know? I've got what it takes, I'm bang up to date You know how it is, I'm all over the place Kicked in the face, I'm backstage, everyone here is half of my age Standing in line, I'm hitching a ride I'll give it a try but I don't have the time You're telling me "never", it should be "whenever" And when the world is swinging, I feel like I don't fit in Don't even know the way, don't hear a word they say And all the money making, I just want to have a go, I'm always up on time Why can't I be just like the people that I know Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na, Na Telling Me Never... It Should Be Whatever And when the world is swinging, I feel like I don't fit in Don't even know the way, don't hear a word they say And all the money making, I just want to have a go, I'm always up on time and.... Why can't I be just like the people that I know And when the world is swinging, I feel like I don't fit in Don't even know the way, don't hear a word they say And all the money making, I just want to have a go, I'm always up on time and I'm always up on time and [x20]
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Jason's Addiction|Pretty scary how they know you, it depends who you talk to From the end to the beginning, only happy when we're singing Smiling for the camera, crazy silly monsters, they think everything is great Black and white not colour, eight times ten, no bigger, not tonight it ain't You can try and put the face on, you can talk but it all goes wrong You can put it in an album, like the "90's never happened" Everything is easy, but they don't believe me, I think I deserve a say Beds are made for sharing, but I'm way past caring, not tonight it ain't Not tonight it ain't Not tonight it ain't Not tonight it ain't [Break] Not tonight it ain't Not tonight it ain't Not tonight it ain't Not tonight it ain't Not tonight it ain't Trying to remember, nothing lasts forever, live it before it gets too late On the never ever, pretty good together, not tonight it aint
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Miles Away|Your Miles Away I'm Not messing about, got a mile of self doubt Yeah, you're not even close, yeah Because you're miles away Another day in bed, sorting out your head You don't know what you're talking about You're not right all of the time It's funny when you're wrong You're miles away, no-one can stop me It's far from funny when you're falling over Yeah, the robot voice, and the peoples choice Yeah you blink and it goes wrong Because you're miles away You're not even warm, human after all You don't know what you're talking about You're not right all of the time It's funny when you're wrong You're miles away, no-one can stop me So far from funny when you're falling over I'm too skint to pay my debtors, uh-oh un-opened letters Feels like a siege I'm under, how did you get my number? Oh-oh it's for the better, than on the never ever I'll get back and back and back and back and back, around we go You're not right all of the time It's funny when you're wrong You're miles away, no-one can stop me So far from funny when you're falling over Miles away, no-one can stop me It's far from funny when you're falling over [x4]
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|Getting Around|All your friends are famous, you're the man at pulling favours Is that the best that you could do? Is that the best we can do? You say it before, and say it again "You're gonna be massive it's a matter of when" Is that the best we could do? Do we owe it all to you? You're getting around, you're getting me down It's not that you're used to failure, you put the hours in the cheques come later That's the best that you can do? It's time to take on something new? You're moving in circles, you're all over LA You're big with the ladies, so they don't think you're gay Is that the best you could do? And do we owe it all to you? You're getting around, you're getting me down You're getting around, you're getting me down And when it don't work out, you put them on the stand Its not you're fault you got them eating from your hand You say the words, and everybody leaves (I'm not "your boy" and that's not the point) You change your hair, you fully rock a weave You don't make sense and you don't want to know You're self defensive, oh-uh You're getting me down, you're getting around You're getting me down, you're getting around Is that the best you can do? Do we owe it all to you? Is that the best you can do? Do we owe it all to you? You're getting around, you're getting me down [x28]
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|She Said|She's got her decks and her vodkas And every man is a faggot She said She's got a new [?] wells book She wrote his name on the [?] Instead Monday, Tuesday, act your age Wednesday, Thursday, it's the same As Friday, pretty close to Monday What were you thinking What were you doing, yeah? Walking through your life I'm pretty caned in Ibiza None of her friends would believe her She said She can't wait for the Notting Hill And he's already had a belly full Instead Monday, Tuesday, it's the same Wednesday, Thursday, act your age As Friday, pretty close to Monday What were you thinking What were you doing, yeah? Walking through your life You're nearly forty now, have you forgotten how? You go with whatever's easy, there's nothing left to believe in It's just a word that you heard on the radio You're not a mod or a rocker You've never heard of Nirvana You're nearly forty now, have you forgotten how? Like when we used to walk the beach Monday, Tuesday, act your age Wednesday, Thursday, it's the same As Friday, pretty close to Monday Monday, Tuesday, it's the same Wednesday, Thursday, act your age As Friday, pretty close to Monday Monday, Tuesday, act your age Wednesday, Thursday, it's the same As Friday, pretty close to Monday What were you thinking What were you doing, yeah?
A|"'A' vs Monkey Kong"|One Day|One day, you'll be on your own You won't have a shout any more One day, you'll be in the ground You're over and out, and You've missed the last tube home [x2] Woke up this morning, heard someone snoring Knobheads going on about modern life is boring Bears have their own music, no-one can prove it Just like I'm a guy of guys You think I'm gonna move it One day, you'll be on your own You won't have a shout any more One day, you'll be in the ground You're over and out, and You've missed the last tube home Sum up together, nobody's the wiser It's life in the sunshine, that's what I would advise her [?] One day, you'll be on your own You won't have a shout any more One day, you'll be in the ground You're over and out, and You've missed the last tube home [x2] One day, you'll be on your own You won't have a shout any more One day, you'll be in the ground You're over and out, and You've missed the last tube home [x3]
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Nothing|Nothing And nothing's where you're at When you ain't got something You'll never get it back It's coming on like a drug The universal power of one But it don't mean nothing If it all comes undone (uh-huh) Fly away If you fly away You might die today If you fly Fly Gimme some love Gimme some skin If we ain't got that then we ain't got much And we ain't got nothing Gimme some love Gimme some skin If we ain't got that then we ain't got much And we ain't got nothing, nothing You're left with nothing And nothing's what you've got When you ain't got no-one, no-one You could have had the lot And if it's over today You'll never get that thing you had together, no way You only get it once Fly away If you fly, If you fly Gimme some love Gimme some skin If we ain't got that then we ain't got much And we ain't got nothing Gimme some love Gimme some skin If we ain't got that then we ain't got much And we ain't got nothing, nothing We ain't got nothing A day's a number Don't remember how you found it You will never feel the same And forever have to take It for granted, don't remember our mistake We ain't got nothing A day's a number Don't remember how you found it You will never feel the same And forever have to take It for granted, don't remember our mistake Gimme some love So gimme some skin If we ain't got that then we ain't got much And we ain't got nothing, nothing Gimme some love So gimme some skin If we ain't got that then we ain't got much And we ain't got nothing, nothing Gimme some love So gimme some skin If we ain't got that then we ain't got much And we ain't got nothing, nothing Gimme some love So gimme some skin If we ain't got that then we ain't got much And we ain't got nothing, nothing
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Something's Going On|Somethings going on I don't know what I did But it worked out fine again Got you in my song It sounds like a hit It's gonna be alright again We're something to celebrate The more you love, the more you hate Who cares about us anyway? Something's going on Take some time to graduate Take some time and don't be late Who cares about us anyway? Something's going on Nothing's going right This could go on all night Gotta raise my game again You're the same as me I fit you perfectly I'll never be the same again We're something to celebrate The more you love, the more you hate Who cares about us anyway? Something's going on Take some time to graduate Take some time and don't be late Who cares about us anyway? Something's going on Oh, I wanna stare at you I wanna stare at you I wanna stare at you all night I wanna stare at you I wanna stare at you Wanna be wearing you all night Yeah, something's going on! We're something to celebrate The more you love, the more you hate Who cares about us anyway? Something's going on Take some time to graduate Take some time and don't be late Who cares about us anyway? Something's going on Come on! Something's going on Oh yeah Something's going on
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|6 O'clock|6 o'clock on a tube stop, waiting for a subway train On my own, so alone, why does everybody look the same? To the right there's a sign, telling me which way to go To the left there's an old man shouting at the radio The radioooo-oh Get out, get out, get out, yeah 6 o'clock on a tube stop, waiting for a subway train On my own, so alone, why does everybody look the same? There's a man with a gold band, but he's got his eye on mine There a bomb in a sports bag, could go off at any time - at any time! When my knees don't work, I start to shake I won't panic, I won't hesitate It's alright, it's OK The daylight is that way We all go the same way 6 O'12 and I'm not well, gonna have a heart attack Everyone is a bum, I'm gonna get my money back Over there there's a square, talking to his telephone Then he stares at my hair and suddenly I'm not alone, I'm not alone! Get out, get out, get out yeah Get out, get out, get out! When my knees don't work, I start to shake I won't panic, I won't hesitate It's alright, it's OK The daylight is that way It's alright, it's OK 6 o'clock on a tube stop, waiting for a subway train
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|The Springs|Air on the streets, lights on the trees Eight days a week, singer's disease I wanna be where the sun meets the sky I wanna be there, it's out of your mind And I believe in the secrets you're keeping I wanna piece of the air when I breathe in I wanna be the gold underneath the stream Having my moment, you know what I mean Ooooh, it's a blue sky And the headlights, and the headlines It's a new day, for a new wave It's a perfect moment, oh I'm moving out, for a moment in The Springs Out of my way, Berlin to L.A. I wanna stay here and never go home again I wanna be the grass underneath your feet I wanna be the shops on your high street And I believe in the secrets you're keeping I wanna be your alarm when you sleep in I wanna be the one you can be around I wanna be the one who can make you proud Ooooh, it's a blue sky And the headlights, and the headlines It's a new day, for a new wave It's a perfect moment, oh I'm moving out, for a moment in The Springs Get a voice, don't get a doctor That's your choice, no-one can stop you I wanna be the one you can be around I wanna be the one who can make you proud Got a job, I don't got no pension In it for love - money's too tight to mention I wanna be in the rockin'est city I wanna do what I want if it kills me Have to say, your home's where you make it It's OK, I know when you fake it I wanna be the gum on your train seat I wanna stand up and walk on my own feet I wanna be the one you can be around I wanna be the rock underneath your ground I wanna be the one who can make you proud I wanna be the one you can be around I wanna be the one you can be around
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Took It Away|Five pretty boys for ten shitty years Five girls next door, I'm up to my ears I need a reaction, a new revolution All over the country, 'cos they took it away They took it away, it can't be impossible They're playing the records that they play in hospital Radio playlist for the terminally ill You can't tell they're miming 'till you're over the hill And it goes on (and on, and on, and on...) And it goes on (and on, and on, and on...) If you put it like that, you'll be dead some day Set the record straight - they took it all away They took it away, left us with nothing Second-hand hits and million misses Nobody means it, they're making up stories You gotta blame someone, you can't blame the Tories I blame myself, I want an easy life Does it really matter, ain't worth no suicide The bigger they come, the harder they fall I'm kicking myself for wasting it all And it goes on (and on, and on, and on...) And it goes on (and on, and on, and on...) If you put it like that, you'll be dead some day Set the record straight - they took it all away They took it away, left us with nothing You suffer the pain of your fingers burning And it goes on (and on, and on, and on...) And it goes on (and on, and on, and on...) If you put it like that, you'll be dead some day Set the record straight - they took it all away
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Starbucks|She's over it, she cannot take no more yeah Don't wanna quit but that's a pretty nice door yeah I got a bed, it really cost a fortune I go away and it's too big without you You've got it good, you know how good we've got it You've got it bad, you know how bad we've got it I wouldn't swap it for a job in Starbucks Wouldn't swap it for a job in Starbucks Come on, you can have your own way Come on, you can have your own say So long, I'll miss him when he's gone You don't know what it is, you don't know what it is yeah He works on automatic Mr. Clean but i doubt it He's got to have his say Who needs him anyway? Don't get your kind of music He lets the others choose it He thinks you kids are freaks He wants you on the streets Come on, you can have your own way Come on, you can have your own say So long, I'll miss him when he's gone You don't know what it is, you don't know what it is yeah Come on, you can have your own way Come on, you can have your own say So long, I'll miss him when he's gone You don't know what it does to me You don't know what it means to me I take it as far as it goes (I don't wanna know what I know) It's too late to talk about it I ain't changing any of it Don't listen to us Don't want your job in Starbucks Don't want your job in Starbucks Don't want your job in Starbucks Don't want your job in Starbucks Come on, you can have your own way Come on, you can have your own say So long, you miss it when it's gone You don't know what it is, you don't know what it is yeah
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Going Down|Suck it up, we're going down 30 seconds 'till we smash into the ground The passengers have lost their smiles Soon their bodies will be wreckage spread for miles I'm in the shit, knee-deep in it, I know that this might hurt a bit I leave my debts but no regrets - except I wish I'd took the train Another day, another flight There's not a chance of going down, but then we just might So this is it, this is goodbye And I feel like I'm gonna lose my mind I'm in the shit, knee-deep in it, I know that this might hurt a bit I leave my debts but no regrets - except I wish I'd took the train Everybody has their day and I guess I'm just the same But I'm going nowhere Everybody has their day, never thought it would be this way And I really don't care I'm in the shit, knee-deep in it, I know that this might hurt a bit I leave my debts but no regrets - except I wish I'd took the train We're going down, we're out of sky It sure helps if you can see the funny side So this is over and out, this is goodbye And I'm feeling like I'm gonna lose my mind I try to reach her, but she's not there But back home I hope she knows how much I care I ease the seat back and start to pray To the same God that puts bombs in cargo bays
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Shut Yer Face|So come out fighting, second's out Who's the daddy? Well there's no doubt Got one thing on your brain, you all act the same But you're alright 'Cos you are from Venus and I am from Mars You'd like your penis as big as your car Not so good in the sack - so what, d'ya want your money back?! Yeah, you're alright It's just as far as you can go, without going back again Yeah, you know I'm right so shut yer face I bet you think you know the place It's just as far as you can go, without going back again Yeah, you know I'm right so shut yer face You never listen anyway It's the way that you're scratching your balls when you walk You wait till I'm watching the football - and then you talk! You're never wrong, so bring it on 'Cos you're alright 'Cos I are from Venus and you am from Mars You buy me panties that don't match my bras Why so long in the bathroom? Baby I have to Then it's alright It's just as far as you can go, without going back again Yeah, you know I'm right so shut yer face I bet you think you know the place It's just as far as you can go, without going back again Yeah, you know I'm right so shut yer face You never listen anyway Smacking you, whacking you, flat out attacking you Beating you down with my words over you You're too hot to handle - maybe you're mental But you're alright It's just as far as you can go, without going back again Yeah, you know I'm right so shut yer face I bet you think you know the place It's just as far as you can go, without going back again Yeah, you know I'm right so shut yer face You never listen anyway
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Pacific Ocean Blue|It's OK to beat the living shit from the drum kit It's OK to take what you don't have, if you want it That's alright, that's your way Water's cold, December, Del Ray Through those eyes, made me cry And the summer is forever It's the endless summer And it's not about your girlfriend And it's not about your boyfriend And I'm not about to lose it over you Remember what I told ya The night in California And I'm all about Pacific Ocean Blue It's OK to leave your jacket on in the ocean It's OK to sing the saddest song, Vibrations Thanks a lot, you can be What you want, honestly Magic days, golden nights And the summer is forever It's the endless summer And it's not about your girlfriend And it's not about your boyfriend And I'm not about to lose it over you Remember what I told ya The night in California And I'm all about Pacific Ocean Blue I don't need no explanation All I got is best intentions I got fears, too much to mention You're not there, when I'm scared, terrified Jump right in, the water's fine
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|The Distance|We go the distance till there's nowhere left to go It's complicated, don't you hate what you've become? Oh yeah! Running out of luck Trying to keep it punk You can only let yourself down Afraid of what you know A square shape in a round hole You know, it goes in tight, Goes in tight We go the distance till there's nowhere left to go It's complicated, don't you hate what you've become? You're running out of time You're never going nowhere The best is all behind you You're spending your cash like a man with no hands Keepin' it real like your favourite bands If they don't try Then we don't buy, we don't buy It's the distance, it's the distance It's the distance, the position between me and you So stand up, so get up So stand up, so get up [SOLO!] We go the distance till there's nowhere left to go It's complicated, don't you hate what you've become? Oh yeah! Come on! It's the distance, it's the distance It's the distance, the position between me and you So stand up, so get up So stand up, so get up It's the distance, it's the distance It's the distance, the position between me and you So stand up, so get up So stand up, so get up Yeah, come on! We go the distance till there's nowhere left to go It's complicated, don't you hate what you've become? Oh yeah! Come on! So stand up, so get up So stand up, so get up Stand up
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Why Don't You Cry About It?|I'm so tired, I need sleep I'm talking to my pillow case, what's wrong with me? I make mistakes, but them's the breaks I'm crying out for anyone to come and rescue me Talk about a new wave (Whoa-oh, whoa-oh!) Talk about a way to save the day (Whoa-oh, whoa-oh!) Talk about a new world Just not today Hey there, why you look so sad? What made you so mad that you can't You can't get over it Hey there, why you look so hurt? You get what you deserve, you know, here we go Why don't you cry about it? Life's a bitch, and so am I If you want it bad enough, there's lots of easy ways to die Talk about a new wave (Whoa-oh, whoa-oh!) Talk about a way to save the day (Whoa-oh, whoa-oh!) Talk about a new world Just not today Hey there, why you look so sad? What made you so mad that you can't You can't get over it Hey there, why you look so hurt? You get what you deserve, you know, here we go Why don't you cry about it? Talk about a new wave (Whoa-oh, whoa-oh!) Talk about a way to save the day (Whoa-oh, whoa-oh!) Talk about a new world Just not today Hey there, why you look so sad? What made you so mad that you can't You can't get over it Hey there, why you look so hurt? You get what you deserve, you know, here we go Why don't you, why can't you So tough when no-one knows you No homies, so lonely Why don't you cry about it now?
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Hi-Fi Serious|Right back at you, record three Makes you wish that you were me 'Cos we got no job for life Build 'em up like Frank Lloyd Wright No two days turn out the same Only sleeping on the plane Not exactly Monkey days C'mon, rock it up, from the back to the front, go! So get your, so get your ears on So get your, so get your ears on 'Cos I'm Hi-Fi, Hi-Fi I'm serious, so come on So get your, so get your ears on So get your, so get your ears on 'Cos I'm Hi-Fi, Hi-Fi I'm serious, bring it on! Banshee wailing from my throat Only dogs can hear the notes Be myself to pay the bills From L.A. to Skillmans Hill We've done time for stealing shows There ain't nothing we don't know Plug us in and watch us go! C'mon, rock it up, we're all about to jump from the back to the front, go! So get your, so get your ears on So get your, so get your ears on 'Cos I'm Hi-Fi, Hi-Fi I'm serious, so come on So get your, so get your ears on So get your, so get your ears on 'Cos I'm Hi-Fi, Hi-Fi I'm serious, bring it on! Hot, like the desert sky You're so cool on the inside You hate being recognised Going off on outside Gotta get up, gotta get out, picking it up, gotta get up, gotta get out Gotta get up, gotta get out, picking it up, gotta get up, gotta get out Gotta get up, gotta get out, picking it up, gotta get up, gotta get out Got a fever and I want to clear my lungs! Coming round for one more go Way too loud for radio Mosh pit full of casualties OAP's get in for free Time to even out the score Thought we'd done enough before Now we're kicking down your door Come on, rock it up, to the back Measure twice, cut it once Clear the room, we're barbequeing up for lunch! So get your, so get your ears on So get your, so get your ears on 'Cos I'm Hi-Fi, Hi-Fi I'm serious, so come on So get your, so get your ears on So get your, so get your ears on 'Cos I'm Hi-Fi, Hi-Fi I'm serious, bring it on! So get your, so get your ears on So get your, so get your ears on 'Cos I'm Hi-Fi, Hi-Fi I'm serious, so come on So get your, so get your ears on So get your, so get your ears on 'Cos I'm Hi-Fi, Hi-Fi I'm serious, bring it on!
A|"Hi-Fi Serious"|Champions Of Endings|Don't have the arms for the deep end, The walls are [?] around me I don't have the balls for the down side I don't take it seriously We are the champions of endings I know where that shit's gonna lead (yeah) Don't have no use for pretending We're what we wanted to be And she said Are you alone It's alright Are you alone It's okay Are you alone It's alright Are you alone It's okay You got the message I'm sending You wanna be one of them We are the champions of endings We'll be together again And she said Are you alone It's alright Are you alone It's okay Are you alone It's alright Are you alone It's okay It's not a place to stop No time for giving up We're running out today I'm over it okay We're never at the top We're gonna let it rock We're the champions We're the champions We've got the champions of endings... Are you alone It's alright Are you alone It's okay Are you alone It's alright Are you alone It's okay Are you alone It's alright Are you alone It's okay Are you alone It's alright Are you alone It's okay
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Rush Song|On and on like a Rush song, like a long one You're the miss in the partnership, yeah the right one There will come a day when Ill bury you I will go the same way, together, Whatever there awaits us I'm gonna get through And the closest thing to Jesus is suffering And the closest thing between us is air Don't say a word, that's not enough Makes me sick when I think of it in the wrong way Shitting bricks when I enter it in my bad brains Like a wound up toy I'm kicking and a screaming Emo boy, naive and semi-functioning Hey this is a love song, hands up if you feel it. And the closest thing to Jesus is suffering And the closest thing between us is air Don't say a word, that's not enough And the closest thing to Jesus is suffering And the closest thing between us is air And the moment that's between us is everything Don't say a word, that's not enough
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Better Off With Him|Run around, What's the frequency you're on? Get around, That's addiction you'll get some. Heart attack, Not as big as the next one. Pulling back, Things look different when you're young. Can't find a, good reason. Can't fight this way i'm feeling. These jealous, teenagers, That laugh at my behaviour. You'd be better off without me, Hate to see you sorry, Days are closing in, You're better off with him. Its boring but i'm making, Promises i'm breaking, Days are growing thin, You're better off with, Anyone, Makes no difference just pick one. Get around, What's the frequency you're on. You're scared around, Conversations you're never wrong. You're better off, New relations, You're better off, You're better off, You'd be better off without me, Hate to see you sorry, Days are closing in, You're better off with him. Its boring but i'm making, Promises i'm breaking, Days are growing thin, You're better off with, I can't take it anymore, I can't concentrate. You run around, In my brain, yeah you run around You're not having fun no more, There's a thousand ways. You get around, In my brain, yeah you get around. Run around, what's the frequency you're on? Get around, what's the frequency you're on? You'd be better off without me, Hate to see you sorry, Days are closing in, You're better off with him. Its boring but i'm making, Promises i'm breaking, Days are growing thin, You're better off with, You'd be better off without me, Hate to see you sorry, Days are closing in, You're better off with him. Its boring but i'm making, Promises i'm breaking, Days are growing thin, You're better off. You're better off. You're better off with him...
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Art Of Making Sense|There's an angel on the corner And they say she's watching over Over when we are under Fall asleep on the ground [Pre chorus:] Hey Can you feel it calling your name Like a storm on a bone in the rain The pain now going you're not around [Chorus:] Wide awake for the night again Awake for the night again Hanging on the phone i can't wait a minute longer Gonna teach you the art of making sense I gotta rock another city I gotta break another country I'm gonna kick it til i'm 50 Or i'm deep in the ground [Pre chorus:] Hey Not another bone for the pain I'm never drinking again It don't make sense when you're not around [Chorus:] Wide awake for the night again Awake for the night again Hanging on the phone i can't wait a minute longer Gonna teach you the art of making sense [Solo] There's a devil on the road [x3] [Pre chorus:] I can feel it call your name The feeling that's keeping me sane Wide awake when you're not around [Chorus:] Wide awake for the night again Awake for the night again Hanging on the phone i can't wait a minute longer Gonna teach you the art of making sense
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Someone Else|How many cars on the drive are actually yours...? You never go out for a ride, you keep them indoors You got a big big mouth A big big house Your the king of cribs right now* A real big hit No hard shit I swear that wont change me one bit! Cause i.. wish i was someone else... Anybody else.. So maybe you might talk to me. Cause i wish i was not myself Anybody else.. Then maybe you might notice me The world will still go on without you The newspapers still talk about you And if your ever low Pick up the phone I'll be round don't tell a soul Cause im not you You're bullet proof I'm in a crowd and i can't move Cause i.. wish i was someone else... Anybody else.. So maybe you might talk to me. Cause i wish i was not myself Anybody else.. Then maybe you might notice me Let me in, let me in Gimme the sunshine all year round Lemme out, lemme out Gimme it now Hear me out, hear me shout Gimme the munchies , show me around Lemme out, lemme out Gimme the reason Gimme it now Yeah yeah yeah... Yeah yeah yeah! Yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah Gotta big big house Big big mouth Big big house Big big mouth Big big house Big big mouth That's not helping me right now Cause i.. wish i was someone else... Anybody else.. So maybe you might talk to me. Cause i wish i was not myself Anybody else.. Then maybe you might notice me Cause i.. wish i was someone else... Anybody else.. So maybe you might talk to me. Cause i wish i was not myself Anybody else.. Then maybe you might notice me Yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Die Tonight|Lose yourself, save yourself. One more night, one more time. By yourself, no one else. One arrival time to hear you cry tonight. Pray today, slide away. And hide away, no one came. Holy graves, maiden names. Take a breath and hold it in and out again. And if you die, alone tonight. I'll be right, by your side. My advice, alone tonight. Wait a while save a life. Take yourself, you hate yourself. Lie awake, wide awake. Bruise yourself, lose yourself. Pressure's on but not for long remind yourself. And if you die, alone tonight. I'll be right, by your side. My advice, alone tonight. Wait a while save a life. Daylight's fading, angels waiting. Breaking all the plans we're making Daylight's fading, angels waiting. Breaking all the plans we're making And if you die, alone tonight. I'll be right, by your side. My advice, alone tonight. Wait a while save a life. [fade last 4 lines]
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|2nd Coming|If your happy and you know it clap your hands (Clap, clap) If your happy and you know it clap your hands (Clap, clap) If your happy and you know it Surely want to show it, clap your hands (Clap, clap) If your happy and you know it stomp your feet (Stomp, stomp) If your happy and you know it stomp your feet (Stomp, stomp) If your happy and you know it And you surely want to show it stomp your feet (Stomp, stomp) If your happy and you know it shout hurray Hurray If your happy and you know it shout hurray Hurray If your happy and you know it And you surely want to show it shout hurray Hurray If your happy and you know it do all three (Clap, clap, stomp, stomp, hurray)
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Wake Up|Dirty fingers, please believe us Everybody dies Guilty perfect, murder suspect That was not your crime You never do nothing (Hey) And that's all you do (Hey) You never get lonely 'cause nobody gets you Wake up, wake up Bell tolls for you, bell tolls for you The weight has been hard on your back You're wearing well out of respect Slowly it's dragging you down I'd never call it that You're running away and you feel The voices are way too loud You never do nothing (Hey) And that's all you do (Hey) You never get lonely 'cause nobody gets you Wake up, wake up Bell tolls for you, bell tolls for you I can be sorry for this So give me the pain I will swallow it I can be taller than this So light up the way, I will grow with it I can hail Mary's for this So I can remain always positive I can be smarter than this And then I can be on my Way, way, falling for it positively Moment that I saw you in the way Oh, way, oh, way, oh, way You never do nothing and that's all you do You never get lonely and nobody gets you Wake up, wake up Bell tolls for you, bell tolls for you Wake up, wake up Bell tolls for you, bell tolls for you Got no feeling, got no reason Out of rhythm, feels like prison
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Black Hole|Some days go on forever, Last long into the night, Some days feel like December, although its warm on the inside. Forget the middle of summer, I bet you I am alive. We'll wipe the floors together, nice try. Save it all, You have all the answers, Thank you for the memories and hope you go with it. Crying out, You have all the anger, Blame it on yourself again, there's nothing wrong with it. You're a black hole! Some days are complicated, Some ways i'll take the blame, Some days i take it all to, heart again. This place is made of panic, They check you every mile, Thank god you're going out for, a while. Save it all, You have all the answers, Thank you for the memories and hope you go with it. Crying out, You have all the anger, Blame it on yourself again, there's nothing wrong with it. You're a black hole! Nobody noticed what you're talking about, Nobody's got a clue what you're all about. Save it all. Save it all. (rock)? Save it all, You have all the answers, Thank you for the memories and hope you go with it. Crying out, You have all the anger, Blame it on yourself again, there's nothing wrong with it. You're a black hole! You're a black hole! You're a black hole!
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Hey|Hang on, don't be frightened, Hold on, keep the light on, You call me anytime you want to. Keep a night in summer, Don't cry when its over, You take me anywhere you need to. Like its your birthday, Like on your first date, Hey! You're gonna make it in your own way! You're gonna make it in your own way! Hey! You gotta make it in your own way! Or you're gonna fall... Come on, getting violent, Be strong, and don't be frightened, That's crazy talk where out from hold you lost this. Go where the weather takes you, Don't care, they'll never break you, Love is all we needed in the first place. Like its your birthday, Like on your first date, Hey! You're gonna make it in your own way! You're gonna make it in your own way! Hey! You gotta make it in your own way! Or you're gonna fall... Hey! You gotta make it in your own way! Hey! You gotta make it in your own way! Hey! You gotta make it in your own way! Or don't make it at all... Days'll never feel the same, I get your tears, I feel your pain, I know two people that think the same, I'm giving you your own way. Like its your birthday, Like on your first date, Like its your birthday, Like on your first date, Hey! You gotta make it in your own way! You gotta make it in your own way! Hey! You gotta make it in your own way! Or you're gonna fall... Hey! You're gonna make it in your own way! Hey! You're gonna make it in your own way! Hey! You're gonna make it in your own way! Or don't make it at all...
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Worst Thing That Can Happen|Standing with a headache I try to fight but i cant deny the pain Reservations what i got from the bottom to the top On the bottle 5 times a day Standing with the top line You know it's gonna hurt when i close my eyes And i'm shaking, and i feel so alive Stand up and face it Get up, don't waste it What's the worst thing that could happen What's the worst thing that could happen You're bored out of ya mind Fighting all the time What's the worst thing that could happen What's the worst thing that could happen to you When there's nothing on, You find yourself caught in the spotlight You try to fight but you cant delight the phase On your knees is what you're not Keeping what you got Don't try to hide your face Caught in a flashlight You know it's gonna hurt when i close my eyes And i'm breaking, and i feel so alive Stand up and face it Get up, don't waste it What's the worst thing that could happen What's the worst thing that could happen You're bored out of ya mind Fighting all the time What's the worst thing that could happen What's the worst thing that could happen to you When there's nothing right When there's nothing right Stand up and face it Get up, don't waste it What's the worst thing that could happen What's the worst thing that could happen You're bored out of ya mind Fighting all the time What's the worst thing that could happen What's the worst thing that could happen You're bored out of ya mind Fighting all the time What's the worst thing that could happen What's the worst thing that could happen You're bored out of ya mind Fighting all the time What's the worst thing that could happen What's the worst thing that could happen to you
A|"Teen Dance Ordinance"|Afterburner|Afterburner, after burning out, There's a news alert in ??, And some poor kid who drowned. Operator, operating round, Could you take a chance in our romance, You did nothing about. Oooo ooo, Take it like a man and do without. Oooo ooo, It takes a century to figure out. Oooo ooo, Making like we know what its about. Oooo ooo, Talk about it. After burning out. After burning out. After burning out. Times when i've forgotten you're around. Ten years later, I can't believe its dead, What we lost you're in without it started coming round again. Space invader, Tried it on again, I thought your tapes alone and your face is gone, and they're never gonna end. Oooo ooo, Take it like a man and do without. Oooo ooo, It takes a century to figure out. Oooo ooo, Making like we know what its about. Oooo ooo, Talk about it, yeah! After burning out. After burning out. After burning out. Times when i've forgotten you're around. And I know this night, Is another place. It can take another day, So you don't look back again. (don't look... back!) Yeah! After burner, After burning out. After burner, After burning out. After burning out, Stay away, you're burning out. After burning out, Stay away, you're burning out. After burning out, Stay away, you're burning out. After burning out, Stay away, you're burning out. [Repeat while fading]
A|other songs|Good Time|I saw You in a photograph I saw You and You made me laugh You couldnt stop it goin on You know You couldnt save the day I hear You on the telephone I feel You when Im on my own You couldnt stop it goin on You know You couldnt save the day Anyway... Yeah... Weve all got our problems Why is something on my mind I would not wanna worry You When all You wanna do is have a good time All You wanna do is have a good time Everybodys got their problems Why is something on my mind I would not wanna worry You When all You wanna do is have a good time All You wanna do is have a good, good time And if it's any concelation We never had this conversation I know You think Youre on a mission I know You think Youre gonna save the day So get Your ears on And in position I know You think Youre on a mission I know You think Youre gonna save the day Anyway... Yeah... Get back in the days Get caught in the ways There will always be somethin Always, always Im not taking it on Its a little too late And its too late, yeah Come on, come on, all You wanna do is have a... Come on and I'll show You the good time Come on, come on, all You wanna do is have a... Yeah... Yeah...
